Added in memory repository running option with samples (#70)
IEvangelist/azure-cosmos-dotnet-repository: README.md

dotnet build
-->

> ## In Memory Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## In-memory Repository

```

> This library also includes an in memory version of `IRepository<T>` simply swap out the normal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library also includes an in-memory version of `IRepository<T>`. To use it swap out the normal
```

`services.AddCosmosRepository()` for

> `services.AddInMemoryCosmosRepository()` and have all of your items stored in memory. Will be a great tool for running integration tests using a package such as `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Testing`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`services.AddInMemoryCosmosRepository()` and have all of your items stored in memory. This is a great tool for running integration tests using a package such as `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Testing`, and not having to incur the cost of data stored in an Azure Cosmos DB resource.
```
